WIP: Feature/mapcentric cms live (#806)
MapsPeople/docs: src/cms/index.md

title: MapsIndoors CMS
toc: true
eleventyNavigation:
  title: MapsIndoors CMS
  key: cms
  parent: index
  order: 10
---

> The MapsIndoors Content Management System (CMS) enables you to add, edit, and maintain your location data within the MapsIndoors platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MapsIndoors Content Management System (CMS) enables you to add, edit, and maintain your data within the MapsIndoors platform.
```

Your data is structured in a hierarchy where the top level is your Solution which can contain multiple Venues, which in turn can have multiple Buildings and so on. The data-types in hierarchical order:

* **Solution**

>   * A Solution is the topmost level of your data structure. It encompasses all of the Venues, Buildings and Locations that you need for your MapsIndoors implementation. It is possible to have more than one solution, but for the mast vajority of use-cases, you will just have one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * A Solution is the topmost level of your data structure. It encompasses all of the Venues, Buildings and Locations that you need for your MapsIndoors implementation. It is possible to have more than one Solution, but for the vast majority of use-cases, you will just have one.
```

* **Venues**

>   * A Venue is the second level of data. You can have multiple Venues in one solution. For example, a large company might have multiple offices spread over the country. Each of these could be a Venue, but under the same solution. A Venue can consist of one or more Buildings. For example, a sports stadium might be many Buildings, but it is all considered the same Venue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * A Venue is the second level of data. You can have multiple Venues in one Solution. For example, a large company might have multiple offices spread over the country. Each of these could be a Venue, but under the same Solution. A Venue can consist of one or more Buildings. For example, a sports stadium might be many Buildings, but it is all considered the same Venue.
```

* **Buildings**
  * A Building is a collection of Floors. Inside a Venue you can have one or more Buildings and an Outside area. Outside is categorized together with Buildings, because it is a part of what comprises a Venue.
* **Floors**
  * Floors are the levels that exist within a Building. A Building has at least one Floor.
* **Locations**

>   * Locations can be split into two separate types - Rooms and Points of Interest (POIs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * There are three kinds of Locations: Rooms, Areas, and Points of Interest (POIs).
```

>     * A Room is a data point with a defined boundary, often corresponding to the walls of the physical Room. This could e.g. be a meeting room, or a bathroom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * A Room is a multi-point polygon, representing the walls of the physical Room, like a meeting room, or a restroom.
```

>     * A POI is a point on the Map that can be added and moved in the CMS. POIs do not have any polygon data as it consists of only one point. Some examples of POIs are locations that are not available in Floor plan drawings, such as coffee machines, food trucks, or temporary event structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * A POI is a point on the map that can be added and moved in the CMS. POIs do not have any polygon data as it consists of only one point. Some examples of POIs are locations that are not available in floor plan drawings, such as coffee machines, food trucks, or temporary event structures.
```

View the tutorial video below for more information about terminology and hierarchy, or visit the [Glossary]({{site.url}}/various/glossary/).

<iframe width="480" height="300" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/GwyO-Vav8Rs" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> There are two main pages in the CMS, "Map" and "Solution Details". The heirachial structure is like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two main pages in the CMS, "Map" and "Solution Details". The hierarchical structure is like this:
```

> * **Map** - The main page, this is where you manage your Map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Map** - The main page where you manage your data on the map.
```

> * **Solution Details** - A "behind-the-scenes" page, where you administrate things such as Categories, Types, Visibility, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Solution Details** - A "behind-the-scenes" page, where you administer Categories, Types, App Settings, etc.
```

  * **Types** - Defines "types" of Locations. Types work as specific identifiers for a group of Locations such as "Canteen", "Bathroom", etc.

>   * **Categories** - Categories are a way to group or organize Locations for easier searching in your application. Categories can be used to group Locations in bundles regardless of their Type. The Types "Male Bathroom" and "Female Bathroom" might both belong to the Category "Toilets".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Categories** - Categories are a way to group or organize Locations for easier browsing in your application. Categories can be used to group Locations in bundles regardless of their Type.
```

  * **Type Visibility** - Defines the Zoom Levels for which the Locations of each Type will appear on the Map.
  * **Buildings** - An overview of the Buildings present in your Venue.
  * **Venues** - An overview of the Venues present in your Solution.

>   * **Export Map** - Generates a high-resolution image of your Map, suitable for printing or similar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Export Map** - Generates a high-resolution image of your Map, suitable for printing or similar. *Note*: Not available for all customers.
```

  * **App Settings** - A page with various settings concerning your app.
    * **App Configuration** - Settings to configure your app.
    * **API Keys** - API Keys used by your Solution.
    * **Booking Provider** - Settings for the booking provider you use for your Solution.
    * **Position Provider** - Settings for the position provider you use for your Solution.
    * **Webex** - Settings for your Cisco Webex Integration.

> In the CMS there are different levels of users, which has an effect on what you have access to. For example, an "Admin" level user has access to Solution-level settings, wherean an "Editor" primarily has access to create and edit Locations on the Map. This documentation is written with an **Admin** user level in mind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the CMS there are different levels of users, which has an effect on what you have access to. For example, an "Admin" level user has access to Solution-level settings, whereas an "Editor" primarily has access to create and edit Locations on the Map. This documentation is written with an **Admin** user level in mind.
```

* **Editor** - Editors can create new Locations, edit and delete existing Locations.
* **Admin** - Administrators have editor rights and have access to further settings in the CMS

## Interface Overview

### Map

The Map section is the main navigation of the MapsIndoors CMS and includes the Filter bar at the top, Toolbar at the bottom, a Floor selector on the right, and your Map in the center.

[![map-main](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Map_Main.png)]({{site.url}}/assets/cms/interface-overview/Map_Main.png)

1. Select the active Solution.
1. Enters the "Map" view (shown on the image). This is the page you see when logging into the CMS.
1. Enters the "Solution Details" menu containing the submenus mentioned earlier.
1. Open the Standard Web App using the information entered in the CMS. (Only available if you have set an Alias)
1. Enter the "Settings" menu page containing subpages.
1. Opens a drop-down menu containing options such as "Docs", "Log Out", and a link to enabling two-factor authentication.
1. Select the active Venue. The filter bar can then be used to narrow down the data you see on the Map and Lists for this Venue.
1. Select one or more Buildings.

> 1. Select one or more Floors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select one or more Floors. This is active when a single Building is selected.
```

1. Filters on whether Rooms, POIs, and Areas should be shown on the Map and in the List.
1. A filter to narrow down Locations to display of specific Location Types.
1. A filter to narrow down Locations to display of specific Categories.
1. A filter to narrow down Locations to display with specific App User Roles applied.
1. Click to search for Locations using a Location’s name, Location ID, Alias, or External ID.
1. Bulk edit button activated by selecting one or more Locations in the List view. This allows you to bulk update Location Attributes, such as Location Type, Searchability, Categories, Aliases, and more.
1. Expands a list containing all your Locations. Filters are applied to Location data shown on both the Map and in the List view.
1. A Floor selector, to select the displayed Floor on the Map.
1. The main toolbar to modify your Solution.

#### Toolbar

![map-toolbar](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Map_Toolbar.png)

> Working left to right, the functionality in this main Toolbar is as follows - You can also hover over the icons in the CMS to see their names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From left to right, the functionalities in the Toolbar are as follows (you can also hover over the icons in the CMS to see their names):
```

* **Add POI** - Creates a Point of Interest where you click on the Map. Afterwards it opens an editor where Location details can be adjusted.
* **Add Area** - Creates an Area by clicking on the Map to create corners of a polygon. Afterwards it opens an editor where Area details can be adjusted.
* **Show Network** - A toggle button to show or hide the Route Network your Directions feature will use.

> * **Add Barrier Route Element** - Creates a Route Element on your map - The Barrier Route Element can be used to apply e.g. restrictions, delay, or one way direction to specific parts of the Network. For example, if you do not want your Directions to guide your visitors down a specific hallway, but there isn't a physical Door present, this Route Element can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Add Barrier Route Element** - Creates a Route Element on your map. The Barrier Route Element can be used to apply e.g. restrictions, delay, or define one way direction to specific parts of the Network. For example, if you do not want your directions to guide your visitors down a specific hallway, but there isn't a Door present, this Route Element can be used.
```

* **Reload Route Network** - Reloads the Route Network. Route Element changes' effect on the Network becomes visible after reloading the Network.
* **Zoom Level** - Adjust the Zoom Level. Values range from 15 (zoom out) to 22 (zoom in).

### Solution Details

Under Solution Details you can find several subpages, which are described below:

#### Types

![solution-details-types](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Solution_Details_Types.png)

This page is for organising the "Types" you sort your locations in to.

1. Create a new Type.
1. Click to select a Type, for easy selection of multiple Types at once.
1. "Edit Type" - Gives you the option to change the name of the Type, or to modify the App User Role restrictions.

> 1. "Edit Display Rules" - The ability to modify the Display Rules for a given Type - See more detailed information on Display Rules [here]({{site.url}}/various/display-rules/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. "Edit Display Rules" - The ability to modify the Display Rules for a given Type. Read more about [Display Rules]({{site.url}}/various/display-rules/).
```

1. The name of the Type.
1. The Icon assigned to the Type.
1. Displays what information the Type's Label contains when displayed on your Map.
1. The number of Locations with the given Type applied.
1. "Edit Template" - Edit the template for a given Type.

#### Categories

![solution-details-categories](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Solution_Details_Categories.png)

> Categories are similar to Types, but whereas Locations can only be of one Type, they can be of multiple Categories. Categories are used for browsing important Locations, or amenities, in your application. - For example, a canteen might be in a Category of both "Food" and "Leisure", but still only be of the Type "Canteen".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Categories are similar to Types, but whereas Locations can only be of one Type, they can be of multiple Categories. Categories are used for browsing important Locations, or amenities, in your application. For example, a Canteen might be in a Category of both "Food" and "Leisure", but still only be of the Type "Canteen".
```

1. Create a new Category.
1. "Edit Category" - Edit properties of your Category.
1. The name of the Category.
1. The Key belonging to the Category.

#### Type Visibility

![solution-details-type-visibility](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Solution_Details_Type_Visibility.png)

Type Visibility is the term used to determine at which Zoom Levels both the Types' Icons and Labels are visible.

> 1. A save button, click this to save your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A save button. Click this to save your changes.
```

> 1. Visibility toggle - Click to toggle on/off the Type visibility. It controls whether the Type Icons and Labels are shown on the Map

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Visibility toggle. Click to toggle on/off the Type visibility. It controls whether the Type Icons and Labels are shown on the Map
```

1. Set the minimum and maximum Zoom Level at which a given Type should be visible.

#### Buildings

![solution-details-buildings](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Solution_Details_Buildings.png)

This page provides you with a list of the Buildings in the selected Venue in your Solution.

> 1. "Edit Building" - Let's you edit the properties of the Building, such as name, ID and Floors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. "Edit Building". Lets you edit the properties of the Building, such as name, ID and Floors.
```

1. The Name of the Building.
1. The Administrative ID of the Building.
1. The Address of the Building.

#### Venues

![solution-details-venues](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Solution_Details_Venues.png)

> A page featuring a list of Venues in your Solution. These are provided by MapsIndoors, too add more, contact your representative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A page featuring a list of Venues in your Solution. These are provided by MapsIndoors, and to add more, contact your representative.
```

> 1. "Edit Venue" - You can e.g. edit Venue Name and Venue External ID in the Venue details editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. "Edit Venue". You can e.g. edit Venue Name and Venue External ID in the Venue details editor.
```

1. The currently used Zoom Level.
1. Zoom in or out.
1. Floor selector, to select which floor will be exported.
1. Export your Map!

#### App Settings

This page contains various subpages with more advanced settings about your app.

##### App Configuration

This page contains various settings, such as names for your API keys, App User Roles and App Categories.

![solution-details-app-title](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Solution_Details_App_Title.png)

Here you can change the title of your app.

1. Save the changes you've made.
1. Enter the name you wish to use.

![solution-details-alias](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Solution_Details_Alias.PNG)

The API Keys used to make your MapsIndoors Solution consist of random combinations of letters and numbers. Here, you can assign them an Alias to make it easier to remember.

> NOTE: Do not set an Alias if you want to make it more difficult to find and load your MapsIndoors data in a standard app. In that case, you can only load the data with an API key.

![solution-details-app-user-roles](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Solution_Details_App_User_Roles.PNG)

You can also modify your App User Roles from within these pages.

> 1. "Edit Role" - Edit settings pertaining to one specific App User Role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. "Edit Role". Edit settings pertaining to one specific App User Role.
```

title: MapsIndoors CMS
toc: true
eleventyNavigation:
  title: MapsIndoors CMS
  key: cms
  parent: index
  order: 10
---

> The MapsIndoors Content Management System (CMS) is the platform through which you edit your Maps, Locations, POI's and more.

Reviewer 2: The MapsIndoors Content Management System (CMS) enables you to add, edit, and maintain your location data within the MapsIndoors platform.

> Using the CMS is much less technical than the process of developing an app for Android, iOS or Web, and should be usable by almost anyone, no matter your background - No skills in programming are needed here.

Reviewer 2: I get what you want to emphasize here, but I don think we can formulate it in such a way where it does not alienize someone. Therefore, I think we can leave out this section.

> Your data is structured in a hierarchy where the top level is your Solution which can contain multiple Venues, which in turn can have multiple Buildings and so on. The data-types in hierarchical order, and a short description:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your data is structured in a hierarchy where the top level is your Solution which can contain multiple Venues, which in turn can have multiple buildings and so on. The data-types in hierarchical order, and a short description:
```

> Your data is structured in a hierarchy where the top level is your Solution which can contain multiple Venues, which in turn can have multiple Buildings and so on. The data-types in hierarchical order, and a short description:

Reviewer 2: Could leave out the "_, and a short description_", or maybe alternatively write "_... in hierarchical order (with description):_" instead.

* **Solution**

>   * A Solution is the topmost level of your data structure. It encompasses all of the Venues, Building and Locations that you need for your MapsIndoors implementation. It is possible to have more than one solution, but for the mast vajority of use-cases, you will just have one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * A Solution is the topmost level of your data structure. It encompasses all of the Venues, Buildings and Locations that you need for your MapsIndoors implementation. It is possible to have more than one solution, but for the mast vajority of use-cases, you will just have one.
```

* **Venues**

>   * A Venue is the second level of data. A Venue might consist of only one Building, but it could also consist of several, for example, a university campus might be many Buildings, but it is all considered the same Venue. You can have multiple Venues in one solution, for example, a university might have multiple campuses spread over the city. Each of these could be a Venue, but under the same solution.

Reviewer 2: I would like a different structure of this section. First it should describe Venues in relation to Solutions, and afterwards Venues in relation to Buildings, giving it a smoother transition between the section before and after. 
Moreover, I think it would make sense to replace the University example with an example from one of of our two main verticals: Corporate offices, or Sports & Entertainment.

**Example of restructure:**
A Venue is the second level of data. You can have multiple Venues in one solution. For example, a university might have multiple campuses spread over the city. Each of these could be a Venue, but under the same solution. A Venue can consist of one or more Buildings. For example, a university campus might be many Buildings, but it is all considered the same Venue.

Author: Just for Venues point

* **Buildings**

>   * A Building is a data type that is a collection of Floors. Buildings are slightly less abstract than Solutions and Venues, as they are just that - a Building, both in real life and in the MapsIndoors terminology.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * A Building is a collection of Floors. Inside a Venue you can have one or more Buildings and an Outside area. Outside is categorized together with Buildings, because it is a part of what comprises a Venue.
```

Reviewer 2: cc. @markhougaard A bit unsure if "Outside" should be included, and what to say about it.

* **Floors**

>   * Floors are the levels that exist within a Building. A Building might only have one Floor, but it could also have 50 or more! That entirely depends on the size of the Building in question.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Floors are the levels that exist within a Building. A Building has at least one Floor. 
```

* **Locations**

>   * Locations can be split into two seperate types - Rooms and Points of Interest (POI's).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Locations can be split into two separate types - Rooms and Points of Interest (POIs).
```

>     * A Room is just that, a data point with a defined boundary, often corresponding to the walls of the physical Room. This could be a meeting room, or a bathroom.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * A Room is a data point with a defined boundary, often corresponding to the walls of the physical Room. This could e.g. be a meeting room, or a bathroom.
```

>     * A POI is a more non-specifc Location, that doesn't necesarily havce a physcially constraining factor such as walls. An example of this could be a water cooler in an office - It's a physical location, but it's not really a Room either. Therefore, it would be created as a POI. Further examples of POI's could be a food truck visiting once a month, or just to designate a general office area.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * A POI is a point on the Map that can be added and moved in the CMS. POIs do not have any polygon data as it consists of only one point. Some examples of POIs are locations that are not available in Floor plan drawings, such as coffee machines, food trucks, or temporary event structures. 
```

View the tutorial video below for more information about terminology and hierarchy.

<iframe width="480" height="300" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/GwyO-Vav8Rs" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> There are several main pages in the CMS, those being "Map", "Solution Details" and "Deployment". "Solution Details" and "Deployment have further subpages. The heirachial structure is like this:

Reviewer 2: Should we leave out the "Deployment stuff"? It does not matter to external users, right @markhougaard?

Author: I think Mark and I already agreed that it shouldn't be there, I think I just forgot to remove it after I learned that it wasn't visible to users... So that's just my bad!

* **Map** - The main page, this is where you manage your map.

> * **Solution Details** - A "behind-the-scenes" page, where you administrate things such as categories, types, visibility, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Solution Details** - A "behind-the-scenes" page, where you administrate things such as Categories, Types, Visibility, etc.
```

>   * **Types** - Define "types" of location, such as "Canteen", "Bathroom", etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * **Types** - Defines "types" of Locations. Types work as specific identifiers for a group of Locations such as "Canteen", "Bathroom", etc.
```

>   * **Categories** - Similar to types, but in a broader sense - The types "Male Bathroom" and "Female Bathroom" might both belong to the category "Toilets".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * **Categories** - Categories are a way to group or organize Locations for easier searching in your application. Categories can be used to group Locations in bundles regardless of their Type. The Types "Male Bathroom" and "Female Bathroom" might both belong to the Category "Toilets".
```

>   * **Type Visibility** - Define the zoom levels for which each type will appear on the map.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * **Type Visibility** - Defines the Zoom Levels for which the Locations of each Type will appear on the Map.
```

>   * **Buildings** - A list of the buildings present in your venue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * **Buildings** - An overview of the Buildings present in your Venue.
```

>   * **Venues** - A list of venues present in your solution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * **Venues** - An overview of the Venues present in your Solution.
```

>   * **Export Map** - Generates a high-resolution image of your map, suitable for, for example, printing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * **Export Map** - Generates a high-resolution image of your Map, suitable for printing or similar.
```

>   * **App Settings** - A page of various settings concerning your app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * **App Settings** - A page with various settings concerning your app.
```

    * **App Configuration** - Settings to configure your app.
    * **API Keys** - API Keys used by your solution.

>     * **Booking Provider** - Settings for the booking provider you use (if used) for your solution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * **Booking Provider** - Settings for the booking provider you use for your Solution.
```

>     * **Position Provider** - Settings for the position provider you use (if used) for your solution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * **Position Provider** - Settings for the position provider you use for your Solution.
```

>     * **Webex** - Settings for your Cisco Webex Integration (if used).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * **Webex** - Settings for your Cisco Webex Integration.
```

> Keep in mind, that there are 2 different roles in the system, that may impact which options you have access to. This documentation will be written from the perspective of an **Admin** level user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the CMS there are different levels of users, which has an effect on what you have access to. This documentation is written with an **Admin** user level in mind.
```

* **Editor** - Editors can create new Locations, make changes to and remove existing Locations

> * **Admin** - Administrators have editor rights and have access to further settings in the CMS

Reviewer 2: Maybe give an example?

## Interface Overview

### Map

> This is the main navigation of the MapsIndoors CMS. The map present will depend on the map you have uploaded in your Solution, but the overlay will remain the same.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Map section is the main navigation of the MapsIndoors CMS and includes the Filter bar at the top, Toolbar at the bottom, a Floor selector on the right, and your Map in the center.
```

> ![map-main](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Map_Main.png)

Reviewer 2: It is a little difficult to see the red numbers on the green color. Maybe you could try out another red color, e.g. use Figma for quick and easy editing.

> 1. A button to return you to the main menu.

Reviewer 2: This is not a button, nothing happens if you click on it. This should be deleted.

1. Select the active Solution.

> 1. Enter the "Map" view (the currently active one in the screenshot).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Enters the "Map" view (shown on the image). This is the page you see when logging into the CMS.
```

> 1. Enter the "Solution Details" menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Enters the "Solution Details" menu containing the submenus mentioned earlier.
```

> 1. View a sample Web App using the information entered in the CMS.

Reviewer 2: This is not included in the "current" documentation, please check if it should be included.

Author: We ask Mark

1. Enter the "Settings Menu".
1. Open a drop-down menu containing options such as "Docs" and "Log Out".
1. Select the active Venue.
1. Select the active Building.
1. Select the active Floor.
1. A filter to narrow down what to display, such as only displaying POI's, or only displaying Rooms.
1. A filter to narrow down what to display, based on predefined or custom types.
1. A filter to narrow down what to display, based on predefined or custom categories.
1. A filter to narrow down what to display, based on App User Role restrictions.
1. Click to search based on your defined parameters.
1. Open the editing menu for the Location you have selected.
1. Open a list containing all your Locations.
1. A floor selecter, to select your active Floor.
1. The main toolbar to modify your Solution.

#### Toolbar

> ![map-toolbar](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Map_Toolbar.png)

Author: Of course, this will be handled tomorrow.

* **Add Normal Route Element** - Creates a Route Element on your map - These would usually be used to create "invisible" barriers, by customising the Restrictions for the Route Element, for example, if you do not want your Directions to guide your visitors down a specific hallway, but there isn't a physical door present.
* **Reload Route Network** - Reload the Route Network.
* **Zoom Level** - Adjust the zoom level. Values range from 15 (zoom out) to 22 (zoom in).

### Solution Details

Solution details is the page to handle some of the less-obvious facets of managing your solution, such as organising your locations into "Types" and "Categories", or exporting your map in a resolution suitable for printing.

#### Types

![solution-details-types](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Solution_Details_Types.png)

This page is for organising the "Types" you sort your locations in to.

1. Create a new Type.
1. Click to select a Type, for easy selection of multiple Types at once.
1. "Edit Type" - Gives you the option to change the name of the type, or to modify the App User Role restrictions.

> 1. "Edit Display Settings" - The ability to modify the Display Settings for a given type - See more detailed information on Display Settings here.

Reviewer 2: Remember to make the "here" text into a link.

1. The name of the Type.

> 1. The icon assigned to the Type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The Icon assigned to the Type.
```

> 1. Displays how the Label is displayed on your map - Usually either Location name, or not displayed at all.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Displays what information the Type's Label contains when displayed on your Map.
```

> 1. The number of Locations in the given Type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The number of Locations with the given Type applied.
```

1. "Edit Template" - Edit the template for a given Type.

#### Categories

![solution-details-categories](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Solution_Details_Categories.png)

> Categories are similar to Types, but whereas Locations can only be of one Type, they can be of multiple Categories, and would usually be used as a form of "tags" when searching - For example, a canteen might be in a Category of both "Food" and "Leisure", but still only be of the Type "Canteen".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Categories are similar to Types, but whereas Locations can only be of one Type, they can be of multiple Categories. Categories are used for browsing important Locations, or amenities, in your application. - For example, a canteen might be in a Category of both "Food" and "Leisure", but still only be of the Type "Canteen".
```

1. Create a new Category.
1. "Edit Category" - Edit properties of your Category.
1. The name of the Category.
1. The Key belonging to the Category.

> #### Type Visibility

Reviewer 2: Please check if this section should still be included or not. @markhougaard will know if we keep or delete the page.

![solution-details-type-visibility](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Solution_Details_Type_Visibility.png)

> Type Visibility is the term used to determine at which zoom levels both Names and Labels are visible, determined per Type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Type Visibility is the term used to determine at which Zoom Levels both the Types' Icons and Labels are visible.
```

1. A save button, click this to save your changes.

> 1. Hide/Unhide - Click or unclick this if you don't want a specific Type to show up on the map at all.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Visibility toggle - Click to toggle on/off the Type visibility. It controls whether the Type Icons and Labels are shown on the Map
```

> 1. Set the minimum and maximum zoom level at which a given Type should be visible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Set the minimum and maximum Zoom Level at which a given Type should be visible.
```

#### Buildings

![solution-details-buildings](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Solution_Details_Buildings.png)

> This page provides you with a list of Buildings in your Solution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page provides you with a list of the Buildings in the selected Venue in your Solution.
```

1. "Edit Building" - Let's you edit the properties of the Building, such as name, ID and Floors.
1. The Name of the Building.
1. The Administrative ID of the Building.
1. The Address of the Building.

> 1. Add a new Building.

Reviewer 2: Please check if this is still there. I think this is already or should be removed. cc @markhougaard

Author: Yes, remove

1. The currently used Zoom Level.
1. Zoom in or out.
1. Floor selector, to select which floor will be exported.

#### App Settings

This page contains various subpages with more advanced settings about your app.

##### App Configuration

This page contains various settings, such as more memorable names for your API keys, App User Roles and App Categories.

![solution-details-app-title](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Solution_Details_App_Title.png)

Here you can change the title of your app.

1. Save the changes you've made.
1. Enter the name you wish to use.

![solution-details-alias](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Solution_Details_Alias.PNG)

The API Keys used to make your MapsIndoors solution consist of random combinations of letters and numbers. Here, you can assign them an alias to make it easier to remember for a person.

NOTE: Do not set an Alias if you want to make it more difficult to find and load your MapsIndoors data in a standard app. In that case, you can only load the data with an API key.

![solution-details-app-user-roles](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Solution_Details_App_User_Roles.PNG)

You can also modify your App User Roles from within these pages.

> 1. "Edit Role" - Edit settings pertaining to one specific App User Role.

Author: That's not what the button is called though - Has it changed since I wrote this initial text?

If you use Excel you can find a video on how to open a CSV file here: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5Pxil4jVO4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5Pxil4jVO4)

* **Icons:** Icons are used for various Locations on the map, e.g. POIs, Rooms. Having a unified representation for specific types of Locations makes the system easier for users to engage with.
* **Location**: A term used for all Rooms and Points of Interest (POI).
* **POI**: "Point of interest” - is usually an object that isn't tied to a Room. E.g. Vending Machine, Locker, A Statue, ATM etc.
* **Type**: All Locations are of a Type. Types serve as templates for Locations to provide a basic setup. Many of the properties can later be overridden for specific Locations.
* **Venue**: Typically a collection of Buildings that are close geographically.
* **Search alias**: An alternative name for a Location allowing users to search for the Location by that name.

### Users

> Allows Admins, to control who has access and what roles they have, or create new users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows Admins to control who has access, and what roles they have, as well as create new users.
```

The Log functionality is found in the Logs tab under Settings in the CMS.

The Log can be filtered on date, ID, User and Data object types. When pressing download a comma separated file (csv) will be stored on your computer's hard drive.

The log will be in CSV format, which can be opened by a spreadsheet program eg. Excel. Each log entry represents a modification in the data. In short, each entry tells at what time who did what to which object.

The headers represented are:
Time, User, Action, ObjectType, ObjectId and ObjectData

* **Time:** Tells which user did the change (The email representing the user logged in to the system)
* **Action:** Tells what happened:
  * If data was added, the 'Action' will be set to 'Created'
  * If data was changed, the 'Action' will be set to 'Changed'
  * If data was deleted, the 'Action' will be set to 'Deleted'
* **ObjectType:** Tells what type of data was modified (eg. ‘building', ‘location', ‘user', ‘graphdata' ... )
* **ObjectId:** Is a unique ID that represents the given data - Building, Location or whatever it is.

> If you want to see a history of that specific Location this ID can be used to filter by

Author: Good question - This section was copied from existing Documentation, so I'm not entirely sure what's supposed to be there...

> If you want to see a history of that specific Location this ID can be used to filter by

Author: Just delete this sentence.

* **How to do I get Categories history?** Filter the ObjectType to ‘category' to see these entries. To find a particular data history, filter ‘User' to their email as well.
* **How to do I get Location Type/type template/visibility history?** Filter the ObjectType to ‘locationtype' to see these entries. To find a particular data history, filter ‘User' to their email as well. The type template is covered in the "LocationTypeField” section of the data. The visibility is covered in the "displayrule” section of the data
* **How to find user login activity?** When a user logs in, the corresponding user object will be changed too (the ‘last login field will be updated'). Filter the ObjectType to ‘user' to see login entries. To find a particular user login history, filter ‘User' to their email as well.

If you use Excel you can find a video on how to open a CSV file here: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5Pxil4jVO4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5Pxil4jVO4)

* **Icons:** Icons are used for various Locations on the map, e.g. POIs, Rooms. Having a unified representation for specific types of Locations makes the system easier for users to engage with.

> * **Location**: A term used for all Rooms and points of interest (POI).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Location**: A term used for all Rooms and Points of Interest (POI).
```

> * **POI**: "Point of interest” - is usually an object that isn't tied to a room. E.g. Vending Machine, Locker, A Statue, ATM etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **POI**: "Point of interest” - is usually an object that isn't tied to a Room. E.g. Vending Machine, Locker, A Statue, ATM etc.
```

> * **Type**: All Locations are of a type. Types serve as templates for Locations to provide a basic setup. Many of the properties can later be overridden for specific Locations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Type**: All Locations are of a Type. Types serve as templates for Locations to provide a basic setup. Many of the properties can later be overridden for specific Locations.
```
